Zhao Xiang, if you are provoking again
What I said is true.
You have to believe me.
Sister Meng must be Zhao Xiangru who bought Shen Bing
Make him testify
Shen Guiying is your mother, you can't be wrong.
Wife, you Maotai boy
What nonsense are you talking about?
You thought you were blind
I don't even recognize my own daughter
That's enough!
Shen Guiying is my biological mother
Don't think that Iheidama
A few words can deceive me
Zhao Xiangru
You repeatedly designed to frame my mother
I still don't know what's wrong
Song Ma dragged him down and taught him a good lesson
Until he was willing to kowtow to my mother and admit his mistake
Yes ma'am I am really your mother
You help me
Oh ma'am
Shen Guiying's parents are disobedient
I sang it to him myself
He's just a mute without a sound
You got the wrong person.